[agent builder] Clarify how APIs work with Kibana Spaces (#3636)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/agent-builder/_snippets/spaces-api-note.md

> If you're using Spaces, you need to prefix `/api/agent_builder` with `/s/<space_name>`. Refer to [Working with Spaces](#working-with-spaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run APIs in non-default spaces, you need to prefix `/api/agent_builder` with `/s/<space_name>`. Refer to [Working with Spaces](#working-with-spaces).
```
